DOCS-2337: Update README.md for docs template (#9)
viam-modules/failover: README.md

# [`failover` module](<https://github.com/viam-modules/failover>)

> This implements the [`rdk:component:sensor` API](https://docs.viam.com/components/sensor/#api), [`rdk:component:movement_sensor` API](https://docs.viam.com/components/movement-sensor/#api), and [`rdk:component:power_sensor` API](https://docs.viam.com/components/power-sensor/#api) in `failover` models, which allow you to designate a primary component to serve as the sensor and backup components in case of failure.

Reviewer: What's this? I think you've got the content but reordering makes it easier to understand what this is
```suggestion
The `failover` module provides a sensor, power sensor, and a movement sensor, which each allow you to designate a primary component to serve as the sensor and backup sensors in case of failure. The models implement the [`rdk:component:sensor` API](https://docs.viam.com/components/sensor/#api), [`rdk:component:movement_sensor` API](https://docs.viam.com/components/movement-sensor/#api), and [`rdk:component:power_sensor` API](https://docs.viam.com/components/power-sensor/#api) respectively.
```

Author: I think the phrasing of the first sentence is a bit confusing (makes it sound like it provides multiple sensors unless you understand different models) but otherwise implementing

> This implements the [`rdk:component:sensor` API](https://docs.viam.com/components/sensor/#api), [`rdk:component:movement_sensor` API](https://docs.viam.com/components/movement-sensor/#api), and [`rdk:component:power_sensor` API](https://docs.viam.com/components/power-sensor/#api) in `failover` models, which allow you to designate a primary component to serve as the sensor and backup components in case of failure.

Author: ```suggestion
The `failover` module provides models of sensor which allow you to designate a primary sensor and backup sensors in case of failure. The models implement the [`rdk:component:sensor` API](https://docs.viam.com/components/sensor/#api), [`rdk:component:movement_sensor` API](https://docs.viam.com/components/movement-sensor/#api), and [`rdk:component:power_sensor` API](https://docs.viam.com/components/power-sensor/#api) respectively.
```
